PREFACE

Taxpayers, particularly small taxpayers, are still not very well
aware of the course of action available to them in case they do
not agree with the decisions of the Income Tax Authorities. The
book is our first endeavour to educate the taxpayers about the
appellate proceedings under the Income Tax Act.

One Law Dictionary defines ‘appeal’ as a proceeding taken
to rectify an erroneous decision of a court by submitting the
question to a higher court or court of appeal. Right to appeal
under the Income Tax Law is a creation of statute and is not an
inherent right. Appeal can be filed only against orders listed in the
Income Tax Act. Income Tax liability is determined at the level
of Assessing Officer. When a taxpayer is adversely affected by
orders as passed by the Assessing Officer, he can file an appeal
before the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) having
jurisdiction over the tax payer. Income Tax Appellate Tribunal is
the second appellate channel available for the taxpayers. On
substantial questions of law, further appeal can be filed before
the High Court and Special Leave Petition can be filed before the
Supreme Court.

This booklet has been brought out for the first time under the
Tax Payers Information Series. It is an attempt to educate the
taxpayers about the provision and procedures relating to Filing
the Appeals. The booklet lists out the Forms in which Appeals
can be filed, how to fill the same, who will sign the Form,
authority with whom appeals should be filed , language to be used
in the Forms and fees to be paid etc. The author Shri Rajat
Bansal, CIT-III, Baroda has taken great pains in authoring the
first edition of this booklet, in a very simple and lucid language.

Plan.indd 3 4/12/2013 10:03:33 AM
