No roll back provision

28.

Answer:

There are no roll back provisions in the APA rules.
Would the Transfer Pricing Officers be encouraged
by the DGIT(IT) to undertake audits of prior periods
consistent with the APA outcome?

Under the provisions of the Income-tax Act, the DGIT
(International Taxation) has no such powers to issue
directions of this nature.

Miscellaneous

29.

Answer:

30.

Answer:

Section 92CC provides that the manner of
determination of ALP in an APA may include the
methods referred to in section 92C(1) or any other
method. But the reference to ‘any other method’ is
missing in the APA rule 10F(g). Would it mean that
apart from the 6 methods referred to insection 92C(1)
read with rule 10AB, ‘any other method’ would not be
allowed under the APA Scheme?

The sixth method already allows use of any method
leading to arm’s length price.

The Indian TP regulations require use of arithmetic
mean and do not allow inter-quartile range. Can the
taxpayers consider use of median and the concept of
inter-quartile range in a bilateral APA? This is important
as almost all other countries adopt a median/inter-
quartile range and not arithmetic mean. Where the
APA determines the ALP (as against methodology),
would the ALP be a specific price or a range?

The Indian tax laws specifically mandates use of
arithmetic mean. However, even with this requirement

75
