(vii)

(viii)

(ix)

(x)

an order passed by a Principal Chief Commissioner
or Chief Commissioner or a Principal Director
General or Director General or a Principal Director
or Director under section 272A; or

an order passed by an Assessing Officer under
sub-section (3) of section 143 or section 147 or
section 153A or section 153C in pursuance of the
directions of the Dispute Resolution Panel or an
order passed under section 154 for rectification of
such order;

an order passed by an Assessing Officer under
sub-section (3) of section 143 or section 147 or
section 153A or section 153C with the approval of
the Principal Commissioner or Commissioner, as
referred to in sub-section (12) of section 144BA or
an order passed under section 154 or section 155
rectifying such order; or

an order passed by the prescribed authority under
sub-clause (vi) or sub-clause (via) of clause (230)
of section 10, which relates to filing of application
by an educational institute or a hospital (other
than those which are wholly or substantially
financed by the Government or whose aggregate
annual receipt do not exceed Rs. 1 Cr.) for the
purpose of grant of exemption under section
10(23C) (vi) or section 10(23C) (via), respectively.

25
